README.md, before:

# Ethernaut & EVM Puzzles Solutions

Solutions to Ethernaut, EVM puzzles and More EVM Puzzles in [Foundry](https://book.getfoundry.sh/), migrated from my previous [solutions with Hardhat](https://github.com/erhant/solidity-ctfs).

## [Ethernaut](https://ethernaut.openzeppelin.com/)

For my old write-ups via Hardhat, see [here](https://dev.to/erhant/series/18918). Original Ethernaut level source-code can be found [here](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/ethernaut/tree/master/contracts/contracts/levels).

- [x] Fallback
- [x] Fallout
- [x] CoinFlip
- [x] Telephone
- [x] Token
- [x] Delegation
- [x] Force
- [x] Vault
- [x] King
- [x] Reentrancy
- [x] Elevator
- [x] Privacy
- [x] Gatekeeper One
- [x] Gatekeeper Two
- [x] Naught Coin
- [x] Preservation
- [x] Recovery
- [x] Magic Number
- [x] Alien Codex
- [x] Denial
- [x] Shop
- [ ] Dex
- [ ] Dex Two
- [ ] Puzzle Wallet
- [ ] Motorbike
- [ ] Double Entry Point
- [ ] Good Samaritan
- [ ] Gatekeeper Three
- [ ] Switch

### Solving Yourself

You can solve these puzzles by yourself by creating a repo from scratch too. Do the following:

```sh
# create a folder
mkdir <your-project>
cd <your-project>

# initialize foundry
forge init

# install OpenZeppelin dependency
forge install git@github.com:OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts.git
```

Each Ethernaut puzzle is set-up, solved, and verified within its respective test. For each challenge (assuming a `Challenge` contract under `src/Challenge.sol`) a test file will look like the following:

```sol
// SPDX-License-Identifier: UNLICENSED
pragma solidity ^0.8.13;

import {Test} from "forge-std/Test.sol";
import {Challenge} from "~/Challenge.sol";

contract ChallengeTest is Test {
    Challenge target;
    address player;

    function setUp() public {
        player = makeAddr("player");
        vm.deal(player, 1 ether);

        // TODO: setup
        Challenge delegate = new Challenge();
    }

    function attack() private {
        // TODO: attack
    }

    function testAttack() public {
        vm.startPrank(player);
        attack();
        vm.stopPrank();

        // TODO: verify
    }
}
```

## [EVM Puzzles](https://github.com/fvictorio/evm-puzzles/)

For my old write-ups see [here](https://dev.to/erhant/evm-puzzles-walkthrough-471a).

- [x] [Puzzle 1](./docs/EvmPuzzles.md#puzzle-1)
- [x] [Puzzle 2](./docs/EvmPuzzles.md#puzzle-2)
- [x] [Puzzle 3](./docs/EvmPuzzles.md#puzzle-3)
- [x] [Puzzle 4](./docs/EvmPuzzles.md#puzzle-4)
- [x] [Puzzle 5](./docs/EvmPuzzles.md#puzzle-5)
- [x] [Puzzle 6](./docs/EvmPuzzles.md#puzzle-6)
- [x] [Puzzle 7](./docs/EvmPuzzles.md#puzzle-7)
- [x] [Puzzle 8](./docs/EvmPuzzles.md#puzzle-8)
- [x] [Puzzle 9](./docs/EvmPuzzles.md#puzzle-9)
- [x] [Puzzle 10](./docs/EvmPuzzles.md#puzzle-10)

## [More EVM Puzzles](https://github.com/daltyboy11/more-evm-puzzles)

For my old write-ups see [here](https://dev.to/erhant/more-evm-puzzles-walkthrough-4lil).

- [x] [Puzzle 1](./docs/MoreEvmPuzzles.md#puzzle-1)
- [x] [Puzzle 2](./docs/MoreEvmPuzzles.md#puzzle-2)
- [x] [Puzzle 3](./docs/MoreEvmPuzzles.md#puzzle-3)
- [x] [Puzzle 4](./docs/MoreEvmPuzzles.md#puzzle-4)
- [x] [Puzzle 5](./docs/MoreEvmPuzzles.md#puzzle-5)
- [x] [Puzzle 6](./docs/MoreEvmPuzzles.md#puzzle-6)
- [x] [Puzzle 7](./docs/MoreEvmPuzzles.md#puzzle-7)
- [x] [Puzzle 8](./docs/MoreEvmPuzzles.md#puzzle-8)
- [x] [Puzzle 9](./docs/MoreEvmPuzzles.md#puzzle-9)
- [x] [Puzzle 10](./docs/MoreEvmPuzzles.md#puzzle-10)

Commit message:

use ethernaut when you can

README.md, after:

# Ethernaut & EVM Puzzles Solutions

Solutions to Ethernaut, EVM puzzles and More EVM Puzzles in [Foundry](https://book.getfoundry.sh/), migrated from my previous [solutions with Hardhat](https://github.com/erhant/solidity-ctfs).

## [Ethernaut](https://ethernaut.openzeppelin.com/)

For my old write-ups via Hardhat, see [here](https://dev.to/erhant/series/18918). Original Ethernaut level source-code can be found [here](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/ethernaut/tree/master/contracts/contracts/levels).

- [x] Fallback
- [x] Fallout<sup>\*</sup>
- [x] CoinFlip
- [x] Telephone
- [x] Token
- [x] Delegation
- [x] Force
- [x] Vault
- [x] King
- [x] Reentrance<sup>\*</sup>
- [x] Elevator
- [x] Privacy
- [x] Gatekeeper One
- [x] Gatekeeper Two
- [x] Naught Coin
- [x] Preservation
- [x] Recovery
- [x] Magic Number
- [x] Alien Codex<sup>\*</sup>
- [x] Denial
- [x] Shop
- [ ] Dex<sup>\*</sup>
- [ ] Dex Two<sup>\*</sup>
- [ ] Puzzle Wallet<sup>\*</sup>
- [ ] Motorbike
- [ ] Double Entry Point
- [ ] Good Samaritan
- [ ] Gatekeeper Three
- [ ] Switch

Those with a `*` in their name are not imported from Ethernaut, but manually written instead.

### Solving Yourself

You can solve these puzzles by yourself by creating a repo from scratch too. Do the following:

```sh
# create a folder
mkdir <your-project>
cd <your-project>

# initialize foundry
forge init

# install OpenZeppelin dependency
forge install git@github.com:OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts.git
```

Each Ethernaut puzzle is set-up, solved, and verified within its respective test. For each challenge (assuming a `Challenge` contract under `src/Challenge.sol`) a test file will look like the following:

```sol
// SPDX-License-Identifier: UNLICENSED
pragma solidity ^0.8.13;

import {Test} from "forge-std/Test.sol";
import {Challenge} from "~/Challenge.sol";

contract ChallengeTest is Test {
    Challenge target;
    address player;

    function setUp() public {
        player = makeAddr("player");
        vm.deal(player, 1 ether);

        // TODO: setup
        Challenge delegate = new Challenge();
    }

    function attack() private {
        // TODO: attack
    }

    function testAttack() public {
        vm.startPrank(player);
        attack();
        vm.stopPrank();

        // TODO: verify
    }
}
```

## [EVM Puzzles](https://github.com/fvictorio/evm-puzzles/)

For my old write-ups see [here](https://dev.to/erhant/evm-puzzles-walkthrough-471a).

- [x] [Puzzle 1](./docs/EvmPuzzles.md#puzzle-1)
- [x] [Puzzle 2](./docs/EvmPuzzles.md#puzzle-2)
- [x] [Puzzle 3](./docs/EvmPuzzles.md#puzzle-3)
- [x] [Puzzle 4](./docs/EvmPuzzles.md#puzzle-4)
- [x] [Puzzle 5](./docs/EvmPuzzles.md#puzzle-5)
- [x] [Puzzle 6](./docs/EvmPuzzles.md#puzzle-6)
- [x] [Puzzle 7](./docs/EvmPuzzles.md#puzzle-7)
- [x] [Puzzle 8](./docs/EvmPuzzles.md#puzzle-8)
- [x] [Puzzle 9](./docs/EvmPuzzles.md#puzzle-9)
- [x] [Puzzle 10](./docs/EvmPuzzles.md#puzzle-10)

## [More EVM Puzzles](https://github.com/daltyboy11/more-evm-puzzles)

For my old write-ups see [here](https://dev.to/erhant/more-evm-puzzles-walkthrough-4lil).

- [x] [Puzzle 1](./docs/MoreEvmPuzzles.md#puzzle-1)
- [x] [Puzzle 2](./docs/MoreEvmPuzzles.md#puzzle-2)
- [x] [Puzzle 3](./docs/MoreEvmPuzzles.md#puzzle-3)
- [x] [Puzzle 4](./docs/MoreEvmPuzzles.md#puzzle-4)
- [x] [Puzzle 5](./docs/MoreEvmPuzzles.md#puzzle-5)
- [x] [Puzzle 6](./docs/MoreEvmPuzzles.md#puzzle-6)
- [x] [Puzzle 7](./docs/MoreEvmPuzzles.md#puzzle-7)
- [x] [Puzzle 8](./docs/MoreEvmPuzzles.md#puzzle-8)
- [x] [Puzzle 9](./docs/MoreEvmPuzzles.md#puzzle-9)
- [x] [Puzzle 10](./docs/MoreEvmPuzzles.md#puzzle-10)
